README.md, before:


<!-- badges: start -->
[![Java CI](https://github.com/CWFC-CCFB/repicea-metamodels/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CWFC-CCFB/repicea-metamodels/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)
[![License: LGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0)
<!-- badges: end -->


The repicea-metamodels library
=====================================

An extension of repicea for the meta-modelling of stratum group projections.

Copyright (C) 2009-2021 Mathieu Fortin for Rouge Epicea.

Copyright (C) 2021-2024 His Majesty the King in right of Canada (authors: Mathieu Fortin and Jean-François Lavoie (CWFC-CCFB, Canadian Forest Service)

Email: mathieu.fortin.re@gmail.com

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed with the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public
License for more details.

Please see the license at http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html.

This library uses some icons from the GTK library which are protected 
by a GNU Lesser General Public License. 

This library relies on 
- repicea (licensed LGPL-3)  
- repicea-mathstats (licensed LGPL-3)
- repicea-simulation (licensed LGPL-3)
- json-io (licensed Apache Software License v2.0)

Commit message:

Now compiling under Java 11. Fixing light version summary bug (Bug #15). Upgrading to gradle 8.11.1

README.md, after:


<!-- badges: start -->
[![Java CI](https://github.com/CWFC-CCFB/repicea-metamodels/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CWFC-CCFB/repicea-metamodels/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)
[![License: LGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0)
<!-- badges: end -->


The repicea-metamodels library
=====================================

An extension of repicea for the meta-modelling of stratum group projections.

Copyright (C) 2009-2021 Mathieu Fortin for Rouge Epicea.

Copyright (C) 2021-2024 His Majesty the King in right of Canada (authors: Mathieu Fortin and Jean-François Lavoie (CWFC-CCFB, Canadian Forest Service)

Email: mathieu.fortin.re@gmail.com

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed with the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public
License for more details.

Please see the license at http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html.

This library uses some icons from the GTK library which are protected 
by a GNU Lesser General Public License. 

This library relies on 
- repicea (https://github.com/CWFC-CCFB/repicea) which is licensed under 
the Lesser General Public License version 3.0  
- repicea-mathstats (https://github.com/CWFC-CCFB/repicea-mathstats) which is licensed under 
the Lesser General Public License version 3.0
- repicea-simulation (https://github.com/CWFC-CCFB/repicea-simulation) which is licensed under 
the Lesser General Public License version 3.0
